Why should you avoid the duck psychologist? He's a quack.
What do cows do in their spare time? Go to the moooovies.
Why do birds hate Instagram? They prefer to tweet.
Where do fish keep all their money? The river bank.
Why did the sheep get detention? It was baaaaaad.
Why couldn't the horse congress pass any bills? They all kept voting naaaaaay.
I started so many fights at my school - I had that attention-deficit disorder. So I didn't finish a lot of them.
I'm sure wherever my dad is; he's looking down on us. He's not dead just very condescending.
Why don't mellons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the bathroom? Because the "p" is silent.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, 'Sorry we don't serve food here.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, 'No, just leave it in the carton!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
Me: 'Dad, make me a sandwich!' Dad: 'Poof, You’re a sandwich!'
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water?  Because he was a little horse!
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
We were getting fast food when the lady at the window said, 'Any condiments?' My dad responded, 'Compliments? You look very nice today!
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, 'First offender?' She says, 'No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!'
nytime I do something smart my dad says, 'Wow, you're a fart smella...I mean smart fella!'
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!